do you ever look back and say I just I
miss living with Brodin Travis's
cameraman hey everyone Travis cafard
Here I am in a very different location
than I normally am at and I'm joined
right now by be shoe and he's also a
different location than where I've
interviewed in the past be she was so
good to see you how are you doing oh
pretty good pretty good I mean today we
won against like the best team in the
league so pretty sad about that I got a
little too excited actually yeah yeah
are you do you think that's because I'm
here that I I allowed you guys to have
the huge upset I mean I mean I'm sure
Adele I'm sure it helped but I think it
was like to our team like plates
it was pretty nuts but of course you
know you helped you know I was like I
wanted to show how he played you know an
overwatch League just for you thank you
so much yeah I was told this was a
pretty big upset that those guys I knew
that obviously Excelsior was so so good
that sort of been the story that I
forgot a roach League but I I mean what
was this like for the team for you guys
what do you think of it well I mean I
think okay today was a little bit weird
because we always have like a warm-up
game before before we actually play but
it cancelled today and you know I'm not
not saying we lost the first two maps
just because we now practice so I'm just
saying hey you know but you know they
are really strong team they even like no
matter what the meta is they've always
like came out strong but I think um with
this like huge amount of shift in stage
four I think like two teams are really
like picked or three teams I pick really
think I pick things up were like Dallas
fuel us and they'll evaluate but uh uh
it's I don't know I don't know how you
explain it but like I think all teams
can more or less every single team can
like beat every other team right now
it's so tight and I think and to be
honest I didn't really expect to win
tonight I mean we were really well
prepared for it and also as long I'm
sure like overwatch the defense will
know but recently we had another sub our
first off paying player come and void
and that allowed us to like split maps
up and I can just like focus on learning
the one map exactly and it's I don't
know people I've read I've read some
comments saying that oh you know like I
like fisheries not getting play time
little blob but it's like something I
also asked for just because like from
stage one I was like I was always
talking about okay if you get like two
players I can literally just focus on
like few maps that we play and then I
can just play a lot more confidently and
better and that's been helping me a lot
obviously Hani mourra didn't work out
too well but you know Gibraltar I popped
off like I was so confident playing cuz
like I I reviewed I didn't have like
much to review right I just have to
focus on one map order one or two maps
so I just felt really confident and I
think everyone else was really confident
too that played a huge role and I think
that was what the officer was
congratulations on the win the the main
thing I wanted to talk to you about over
this is like I'm coming to overwatch
League obviously I am more of the League
of Legends background so for me a lot of
today is just kind of learning about the
differences in comparing contrasting and
and one of my favorite stories to come
out of overwatch League is that I I need
you for very long time you you had
really great moments in league but never
we're really able to make it
consistently on to an NA LCS team and
now here you are like having big moments
like the one you had today so what
what's been going on with you like what
has this whole experience been like for
you kind of coming over to overwatch so
uh yeah I mean when I when I what I
wanted to get into League seriously I
guess I made a lot of mistakes where I
mean I think because I made a lot of
mistakes when I was trying to be a pro
and League I was able to become an
overwatch pool relatively easily because
uh I knew I knew enough to do basically
and I think I was like a little bit too
content with just like how things were
and League I wasn't like really
desperate enough I didn't like spend a
lot of my own time trying to learn and
how to get better how to like kritis
myself like no I always knew about it by
it was like hard to apply it especially
when I was younger and but you know
mistakes were made and I learned a lot
from it and I think when overwatch first
came out I wasn't sure if I wanted to go
pro cuz this is right after I stop
playing league I was like well what do I
do but I started playing overwatch for
fun but I saw a lot of potential in the
eSports scene just because like you know
I think people will really like this
a lot on teamwork and communication and
I think there a lot of talented players
out there and it's like a I thought it
was like a good investment to really try
to go in the pro and um it involved me
using all my all my savings from a
league and streaming and all that stuff
but uh I'm super super happy to see you
have the success what is uh what are
some of the differences like well you
know because it does feel like a very
distinct and different league from from
a lot of the other eSports that I've
seen so what would have been your
experiences here well I
I knew LCS on the first started like do
you remember the first janky studio I
was like scared what I was getting taken
there's in a van but no I've seen it
from like ground up I guess but so one
interesting thing was that we're
watching just cannot was it like a it
started off like so huge compared to the
league so I wasn't really used to it
yeah yeah I just I was like well I
really want to make it now and so it's
it's interesting and it's more I don't
want to say it's more professional than
league because like you know League has
like a long lineage of like just a
competitive player just like grinding
and grinding and just like everyone's
competing against like all the high tier
players who's been around the scene for
so long but this isn't really the case
right it's just like a such a big league
and sure they're more like pros before
but it's like the pro scene hasn't
really been around for a while and then
it was just like well it just wasn't
like well-funded before so I think
everyone took a while to get used to how
big this overwatch league was and yeah I
thought that was really cool um I just I
felt like people like people of like
pros overwatch League were a little bit
not not they just like have it better I
don't think they sometimes realize how
now you know what they do they they're
like they were playing it overwatch
league before overwatch they - but it
was just like I felt like lead people
things were just like way more
competitive what I mean that's not to
say the overwatch it isn't competitive
like every every single team can beat
each other - right now in my opinion but
it's just like
the biggest difference is I guess over
what we just kind of started off so
strong where leek just kind of gradually
got bigger and bigger yeah yeah and you
were able to enter in from the start
what is it what's it like for the
experiencing the community because the
community is also very different in
different ways I don't know what how you
feel about like the overwatch League
community well or watch League community
is let's just everyone's like mmm but
obviously like league doesn't have voice
chat right so that could cause like some
you know to score between teammates but
at the same time it really encourages
like high level high level of teamwork
and that's just something I was like a
huge appeal to me compared to League
what about like besides in-game I mean
like there's there's all the fans out
there right like one of the things that
I've noticed in following overwatch
League someone tangentially is that
there there is a lot of people that are
like I'm a fan of of LA I'm a fan of SF
you know like they're always viewing
parties around and I think yes overwatch
League is the first league to really try
to base these teams out of out of a
specific location I don't know what your
experience has been like maybe it's
maybe it's different because you're in
LA and you got the LA side maybe you
know like I don't know if right it is
any different than the legalizing
separate but I don't know I mean I think
I was really lucky to be in one of the
LA teams because every stage we have
Battle of LA right la versus LA and it's
not even on the week weekend it's like a
weekday and the whole day just is packed
and everyone's oh yeah that's another
different thing about Lalique fence to
overwatch man inside
they're like diehard ok they kind of
came out from nowhere but like
everyone's like like they was feeling
like they've been fans for like 10 years
and that hype and like the energy that
goes into those kind of games is just
amazing obviously everyone kind of the
players kind of forget about it once
they put their headsets on but just
walking out and then just getting on the
stage just having listening to everyone
just screaming it just feels really good
obviously like I'm sure if it seemed
like in San Francisco me know New York
meetups there there's huge - it's uh I
think what they did with localization
was like a really good move because
people would just became like way way
like diehard
and compared to just like regular fans
like yeah is it the localization that's
made everyone so hardcore I think it's
also the localization and overwatch
tends to like they really try to include
everyone and and because because like
the way they do things some people may
be like oh you know like there's like
sometimes overwatch is too nice Blizzard
is too nice but in the grand scheme of
things I think it's just like way better
to include everyone I think when you say
include everyone what do you mean
basically I don't know I think like leak
fans were a little bit more competitive
and and what was it I think like the fan
when I read art discord the fans are
like just really nice to each other
um and I'm just like I mean I like the
leaked fan base - it's like very very
entertaining but it's also it's also
like nice thing a different split side
of coin where everyone's like really
positive and like um like just really
that's cool that is really cool to hear
uh you know I don't want to keep you too
long but one of the biggest changes I've
noticed is that your hair is way longer
do you want Yonex you know what what it
was what inspired that okay first it was
just like my hair was getting long so
it's kind of getting long but I was
getting lazy I if I want to go get a
haircut like a 40-minute drive and then
it will have to be a you know I don't
want to waste my precious off day on
that and then I got a little too long
and I kind of started telling myself
that yeah I'm just doing this to stand
out I'm just like there's like so many
Korean players I gotta stand out somehow
so yeah let's just say that's the reason
not because I was lazy you also injured
yourself before this interview you want
to explain why what happened there it
was nothing - nothing too interesting
but you know obviously we took that
reversely up against New York and
watching that from the side got a little
too excited and I was flailing my arm
around and it happened to meet an
unfortunate sharp corner of a table but
uh you know this is where it this is
where L is so happy passion brought
injured okay fine final thing here you
know you you work with the gliders you
live with those guys and you're sort of
part of that you're part of overwatch
League do you ever look back and say I
just I miss living with Broden
as cameraman which which is a true story
you guys actually live together yeah
yeah for sure well but uh you know I
even though the leasing doesn't really
worked out for me and I happened to go
through a lot of bumps
I still have met a lot of people that I
I really like and experience is
something unforgettable again like I
said I wouldn't have I wouldn't be the
player today it wasn't for Brennan if it
wasn't for Odin and Travis and the
league community overall
you know I'm just really happy to give
him this another chance
yeah very good well thank you so much BC
for the it's so cool to see you I like I
literally I was I was very excited about
coming to interview you and bronan was
as well as soon as he found out so for
for four or five years ago actually like
something Bob
Travis's place because I was visiting LA
and and Travis was nice enough to
actually let me stay over and you know I
just I just made a lot of great memories
and I just want to thank you too for
helping me out
don't worry stories I'm glad I'm super
glad to have you have the success
because I always wanted to see you're
such a nice guy I always wanted to see
you has a success in and the LCS and so
now seeing you here at overwatch League
hurting yourself because your team is
doing so well it's very good so thanks
so much pshew for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel